Add MBSTF example tests to the 5MBS tutorials (#233)
5G-MAG/Getting-Started: pages/5g-multicast-broadcast-services/under-development.md

- Multicast transport over N6mb (from AF to MB-UPF).
- Shared delivery on the 5G Core (from MB-UPF to gNBs).
- Point to Multipoint (PTM) delivery on RAN (from gNBs to UE).
- Media transport over Nmb9 (from MBSTF to MB-UPF).
- MBS Session provisioning over Nmb1 (from MBSF to MB-SMF).
- Distribution Session management over Nmb2 (from MBSF to MBSTF).

The following features are supported:

> - `MB-SMF TMGI Service API` (Following 3GPP TS 29.532 - Release 17.4.0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `MB-SMF TMGI Service API` (Following 3GPP TS 29.532 V17.4.0)
```

  - PFCP Session Establishment Request extensions
- `MB-UPF PFCP Session Establishment extensions` (Following 3GPP TS 29.244 - Release 17.9.0)
  - PFCP Session Establishment Response extensions

> - `Multicast/Broadcast Service Transport Services (MBSTF)` (Following 3GPP TS 29.581 - Release 18.5.0)
>   - Object distribution mode
>     - Single shot mode (Individual objects are sent once)
>       - Pull (MBSTF pulls objects from a media server)
>       - Push (media objects are pushed to the MBSTF by the AP)
>     - Streaming mode (Objects are scheduled and sent in real-time)
>       - Pull (MBSTF pulls the manifest and then schedules pulls for media segment objects and updates of the manifest)
>       - Push (MBSTF waits for a manifest to be pushed and schedules pulls for media segment objects)
>       - DASH live profile MPD manifests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Multicast/Broadcast Service Transport Services (MBSTF)` (Following 3GPP TS 29.581 V18.5.0)
  - Object distribution method
    - **Single shot operating mode**: Individual objects are sent once in a FLUTE Session by the MBSTF
      - Pull-based object acquisition (MBSTF pulls objects from a media server)
      - Push-based object acquisition (objects are pushed into the MBSTF)
    - **Streaming operating mode**: Objects are scheduled and sent in real time according to a presentation manifest, such as a DASH MPD.
      - Pull-based object acquisition (MBSTF pulls a Service Entry Point object, such as a presentation manifest, and then schedules the pulling of further objects, such as media segments and updates of the presentation manifest)
      - Push-based object acquisition (MBSTF waits for a Service Entry Point object, such as a presentation manifest, to be pushed to it, and then schedules the pulling of media segment objects)
      - For this operating mode, the supported Service Entry Point formats are:
         - MPEG-DASH MPD (live profile only).
```

The following features are not yet supported:

> - `AMF MBS Broadcast Service API` (Following 3GPP TS 29.518 - Release 17.11.0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `AMF MBS Broadcast Service API` (Following 3GPP TS 29.518 V17.11.0)
```

  - MB-SMF TMGI Service API extensions
  - MB-SMF MBS Session Service API extensions
  - AMF MBS Broadcast Service API extensions
- `MBSTF Distribution Session management` (Following 3GPP TS 29.581 - Release 18.5.0)

>   - Packet distribution mode
>   - Object distribution mode
>     - Carousel mode (One or more objects are repeatedly sent based on a provided schedule)
>     - Collection mode (All objects in a simple manifest are sent once)
>     - Streaming mode (Objects are scheduled and sent in real-time)
>       - Manifest types other than a DASH live profile MPD
>   - Status notification subscription

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Packet distribution method**
    - Use direct multicast packet ingest by the MB-UPF at reference point N6mb instead for now.
  - **Object distribution method**
    - **Collection operating mode**: One or more objects described by a simple manifest are sent once in the FLUTE Session.
    - **Carousel operating mode**: One or more objects described by a simple manifest are repeatedly sent in the FLUTE Session according to a schedule.
    - **Streaming operating mode**: Objects are sent in a FLUTE Session in real time according to a schedule specified in a streaming presentation manifest.
      - Presentation manifest types other than MPEG-DASH MPD (live profile).
  - Status notification subscription
```
